docs: update plugin documentation (#888)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/plugins/ContentPage.md

---
title: ContentPage
tags:
  - plugin/emitter
---

> This plugin is a core component of the Quartz framework. It generates the HTML pages for each piece of Markdown content. It creates the full-page layout, including headers, footers, and body content, among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin emits and transpile all markdown pages within your vault to the static HTML page. It includes creating the full-page layout, additional components, etc. See [[architecture]] for more information.
```

> This plugin is a core component of the Quartz framework. It generates the HTML pages for each piece of Markdown content. It creates the full-page layout, including headers, footers, and body content, among others.

Reviewer 2: should leave a note here about configuring layout

Author: Added link
